Document several missing compat flags (#19129)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/compatibility-flags/streams-transform-backpressure.md

---
_build:

> 	publishResources: false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
publishResources: false
```

> 	render: never

Reviewer: ```suggestion
render: never
```

> 	list: never

Reviewer: ```suggestion
list: never
```

name: "Apply TransformStream backpressure fix"
sort_date: "2024-12-16"
enable_date: "2024-12-16"
enable_flag: "fixup-transform-stream-backpressure"
disable_flag: "original-transform-stream-backpressure"
---

The original implementation of `TransformStream` included a bug that would
cause backpressure signaling to fail after the first write to the transform.
Unfortunately, the fix can cause existing code written to address the bug to
fail. Therefore, the `fixup-transform-stream-backpressure` compat flag is
provided to enable the fix.

> The fix is enabled by default for compatibility dates on or after 2024-12-16.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fix is enabled by default with compatibility dates of 2024-12-16 or later.
```

> To restore the original buggy backpressure logic, disable the fix using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restore the original backpressure logic, disable the fix using the
```
I don't feel that strongly about removing it, but I do think you were pretty clear that it would cause a bug, so no need to call it buggy.
